The list of free signal services:
Free Options Signals - The service works under SR trading strategy. Has NO paid signals option. The limitation for free member - 120-second delay in all free signals. The results of the service are below average. But the understanding of the SR strategy can easily improve the performance of the trader. All you need is just to filter signals of high volatility market and longer the expiry of low volatility market. The signals are very easy to filter with different additional indicators. Using a simple news and events filtering can improve results by 10-15%! 

Best Binary Options Signals - Uses BB strategy as the main. The best real possible and tradeable win rate for a binary signals service. It could be higher, but in that way, every trader who’d use it will not be able to catch the prices. The limitation for free member - 120-second delay in all free signals. According to the strategy - must be used during calm and middle volatile market conditions. During other conditions will definitely send losses. Best time for trades - 10-12 GMT/UTC or GMT+0. Another good period 17:30-19:30 GMT/UTC. Has free and paid services. The paid service works in the same way as free service, but is less risky, more stable, has long period stats (few years)  and uses 15 different assets. The signals are difficult to filter, but the time, news and events filtering will definitely improve results. 

Free Binary Options Signals - Uses MA strategy as the main. The average win rate. The limitation for free member - 120-second delay in all free signals. According to the strategy - must be used during a trend and middle volatile market conditions. During other conditions will definitely send losses. The best time for trades is undefined. That means that the trader must check the charts every time for a market trend. Once you see the asset has a trend - you can use that service. The service itself is very predictable. Has free and paid services. The paid service works in the same way as free service, but is less risky, more stable, has long period stats (few years)  and uses 15 different assets.  The signals are average to filter, but as always the time, news and events filtering will definitely improve results. 

Options Signals H1 - Absolutely free signals service without any limitations. Uses the SR strategy by in long periods - 1Hour. The best for people who want to analyse the market. In 99% of cases has better prices after the signal was sent. Easy for testing. 
